hey it's me your favorite political
extremists shown agar day I did a lot of
reading over Christmas I like the
feeling of reading a book and the whole
process of reading something is kind of
meditative for because my job over the
last nine months or so has essentially
been to talk about politics I've been
reading a lot of political literature so
I can make sure that the information I
portray in videos like this and my
satire is accurate and informative so
recently I have read and reread a bunch
of political extremists literature and
now I'm going to review it all for you
guys this communist manifesto by Karl
Marx and Friedrich Engels so if you want
to really read Marx then I suggest you
read Das Kapital instead of the
communist manifesto but if you're just
getting into economic leftism into
Marxism and you want to kind of get a
starting point then the communist
manifesto is probably your best bet I
own it of course as you can see it's a
very thin read and actually I think
about half of this is just introduction
and a preface so the actual text is only
about like this thick which is nothing
you could probably you could probably
read this in like an hour or less
Marxism is the foundation of almost
every economically far-left
modern-day ideology be it fascist
anarchist or communist so if you are an
economically far left winger than this
one is an essential rate 10 out of 10
the ego and his own by Max Turner the
ego and his own is a seminal piece of
anarchist literature and is essentially
the foundation of individualist
anarchist and Anarkali Jewish thoughts
Turner's vision of an anarchist future
and his expert dismantling of societal
constructs he called spooks was so
compelling he almost got Engels the
co-writer of the communist manifesto to
convert to his side and become an
anarchist if you want to know about
individualist anarchist or want to know
what posties mean when they talk about
spooks then this is the book for you 10
minutes in jail with spooks
[__] the spooks don't don't take that
out of the works of Julius Ebola
Julius Ebola is what I would call an
esoteric traditionalist I have one of
his books here called mask a visage
which kind of tries to draw the links
between esotery
and traditionalist of course you can't
really talk about a Volvo without
talking about probably the piece of
literature he's most well-known for
called revolt against the modern world
with an unflinching gaze and
uncompromising intensity Julius Ebola
deftly analyzes the spiritual and
cultural malaise at the heart of the
Western world and all that passes for
progress in the modern day what makes
reading Julius Ebola really interesting
is how he conceptualizes the place of a
traditionalist in a modern world
Julius Ebola was not a fan of modernity
but he said that a traditionalist in
modernity had only one real option and
that was to revolt against the modern
war keep in mind
Julius Ebola wasn't a fan of modernity
like a hundred years ago so I don't even
want to think about what would happen if
he saw modernity now it's Julius Ebola
a right wing acceleration estelle if he
was alive today he would probably be
wearing a skull mask that's all I gotta
say
1002 10 siege siege what siege from
aristocracy to monarchy to democracy by
hands Hermann hapa if you haven't heard
about hands Hermann hapa now's your time
to learn paleo libertarians are a lot
like regular libertarians except
culturally right way hence Hermann hapa
is probably the most famous paleo
libertarian I mean he calls himself a
paleo libertarian in my mind he's much
more than a narco monarch Papa is not a
fan of what the West calls democracy he
actually prefers monarchy to democracy
and beyond that he prefers aristocracy
to monarchy I chose this book from Hafez
to focus on because he kind of shows how
he views historical progression a
bottom-feeding centrist might think that
you know as human society has progressed
it's gotten better and better you know
we went from aristocracy high
concentration of power to monarchy to
democracy and now we've got a wide
concentration of power everybody has a
set in this book hapa pretty eloquently
argues that all we really did was go
from privately owned government to
publicly owned government which he
argues as much worse and in this as well
as all of Hoppus work you can kind of
see his vision of an ideal
anarcho-capitalist you tope
shining through where there is no
government just pure capitalism and
forced removals and there's no gays
hippity-hoppity get off my property
hippity-hop commies fallout the top ten
attend on the topic of libertarianism I
would be remiss to not mention the
foundational text of libertarianism
Lolita 10 to 10 oh I guess I'm Rand
wrote some stuff as well Atlas Shrugged
by Ayn Rand brand expressed her
political ideology of Objectivism
through these pretty lengthy novels
Atlas Shrugged is probably her most well
known work this is actually also maybe
some of the most recent political
literature that I'm reviewing especially
compared to how old the rest of
political extremist literature tends to
be and even this is really old I've read
this one a lot you can kind of tell
because it's sort of falling apart at
this point rands stories often feature
this great man who's held back by some
kind of governmental system that wants
to pull you down and make everybody
equal and Iran's vision of a good future
is when great men go on the wrong path
and forge their own destiny and she
talks a lot about the dangers of
socialism and how socialism will snuff
out the great men of the world ayan Rand
is a really good writer and you can tell
this because all of the good characters
agree with her philosophically and all
of the bad characters disagree with her
philosophically so that's good if you
want the perspective of someone who
thinks that selfishness through
capitalism is actually a virtue then on
Randy's obviously a cornerstone of that
belief tim tooten mine camp 10:00 to
10:00 and now a word from our sponsor
hey you there
do you want to stop being such an idiot
and be smart like me did you make a new
year's resolution to read more and now
you realize you're too stupid to even
follow through on that then you gotta
try this video sponsor Linkous blink is
more like blink twice help me I'm
trapped with bleakest you can bring in
the New Year with the hope of being as
well red as me without having to
actually read a book blinka stacks s2
over 3,000 non-fiction books in over 27
categories and the best part is you
don't have to read to be clear you won't
have to read again because it takes
whole books and then summarizes the key
points until like these 15 minute slides
that are really easy
digestable no you may ask just blink
estab any of the books that I reviewed
in this video let me tell you more about
the books they have I intimately know
the demographic of my audience and as a
result I have some books that I enjoyed
that I think you guys are really gonna
enjoy as well I've really been enjoying
common-sense pregnancy by gian Faulkner
she reveals all you need to know about
the surprises that await you during the
magical experience of pregnancy and
childbirth great for pregnant woman of
all kinds I'd also recommend the body is
not an apology
by Sonia Renee Taylor this one's an
empowering read and finally girl wash
your face by Rachel Hollis this one's
perfect for moms and woman who feel
overwhelmed by life and the author
Rachel Hollis like me is a devout
Christian the first 100 people who click
the link in the description below are
going to get one week free of blankets
to try out you'll also get 25% off the
full membership the 7-day trial is
completely free and you can cancel at
any time the influencer must encourage
his followers to click the link in the
description below what are you waiting
for
idiot with my help you'll never read a
book again JP satus selected writings if
you spend much time in consuming
political memes you've probably run
across the ideology of pesetas pesetas
'im was founded by this guy J Positas
who was an Argentinian frost muse if
you've heard about Passaic ISM at all
it's probably only because of the memes
you know this guy believed the nuclear
war was the only way to achieve
communism he believed that humans could
talk to dolphins
he believed that communist aliens were
flying around they would interact with
us if we weren't so caught up in our
capitalism versus socialism struggle
breeding the selected writings of Jake
pesetas taught me that the sadists are
normal political extremists like you
were me people who fought and suffered
for their beliefs and there is much more
to them than just memes the memes were
pretty good though Tennyson has selected
political writings of Rosa Luxemburg
Rosa Luxemburg was a libertarian Marxist
meaning she believed in stuff like
direct democracy she proposed
authoritarianism and capitalism as a
left libertarian she was really critical
of the authoritarian leftist regimes of
her time but because
is kind of like an essential part of
Marxism the authoritarian leftist
regimes actually worked with her to make
a better leftist sort of society oh
actually sorry no I'm misremembering
Bosch she got shot in the head and her
body was thrown into a canal whoops
we'll get that leftist unity next time
The Voice right to be fair she was
complaining a lot in calling for deaths
I mean anyone would have done it her
most important piece of writing is
probably social reform a revolution it
was a pamphlet she wrote that basically
outlines that stuff like trade unions
and workers rights and reform is great
at all but they are never going to
achieve a socialist society by working
within their system and a revolution was
necessary much more than a reform was so
yeah that's something a lot of people
who think that they can work within the
system to change the system
what's interests who need to hear and
any ideology that gets me closer to a
revolution of any kind
sign me up ten to ten quotations from
Mao Zedong aka the little red book if
you've been gobbling up Western
imperialist propaganda you probably have
some bad thoughts about Mao Saddam if
you actually want to know the thoughts
and philosophy of this great man then
you should probably read the little red
book also called quotations from Mao
Zedong maoism is actually still pretty
relevant today and there's this
underground political party called the
Maoist Communist Party of China there
are anti revisionists they want to
overthrow the current CCP because the
CCP has dangest reforms that restored
the material conditions of capitalism
it's it's it's fun so a little red book
isn't really like political literature
it's just a collection of quotes I
wouldn't really recommend you read it
the whole way through you should just
like keep it on your person and flip to
a random page if you need inspiration so
instead of reviewing a book of quotes
I'll just share some of them with you
that I liked communism is not love
communism is the hammer with which we
will use to crush the enemy this quote
really sums up the difference between
the authoritarian left and the
libertarian left in my view not having a
political point of view is like not
having a soul mal wasn't
a centrist you heard it here first folks
here's another anti centrist quotes why
like the man I have more in common with
the fascist or the capitalist or the
anarchist than I ever will with the
politically disengaged and finally his
last and most famous quote this Sparrow
is the enemy of the people
Mao Zedong famously hated sparrows he
actually died trying to strangle one and
he he fell off the tree and broke his
neck get him out get sparrows what you
killed all the sparrows and now there's
a famine capitalists and again ten of
ten industrial society and its future by
Theodore J Kaczynski you probably view
this as an from literature it's not
really an from literature Ted wasn't
really an ampere there's actually like a
full chapter in here denouncing a narco
primitivism not not not by name but
essentially denouncing a narco primitive
Kaczynski really made a very powerful
case against technology but with this
book and he was a very well-known
professor and everybody loved him and he
did no harm and he didn't kill anybody
again a lot of people know politics
through memes which is good but you kind
of lose out on something because you you
keep from everybody things Ted is like a
handprint and he's similar to an ant rim
but he's not really an imprint and you
kind of like read the actual manifesto
in order to like understand the
difference between him and a regular and
prim if you want more pure an arco
primitive it's literature and then I
recommend John's arsons against
civilization if nothing else Ted
Kaczynski teaches us all of that even if
no one actually wants to read our essays
about society we can just blow some
people up and send it to some newspapers
and then everybody has to read it and of
course I would be remiss to end this
list without mentioning the cornerstone
of transhumanists philosophy robots 2005
man being a transhumanist to stick
because you got to do practice just by
reading sci-fi stories so that's all the
books that I have for you today though
really I could go on forever like this
there are so many books of political
extremism just waiting to radicalize you
now some of you may note that it's
pretty unlikely that I actually read
every single book that I just recommend
it to you that there's no way of me
proving that
actually read these books and that I
might have just skimmed the Wikipedia
article and read the back cover and then
made up some opinion about it and you
were another wiser because you have no
way of proving that I actually read
these books and if you think that you're
right I did not open a single one of
these books I have never fully read a
book about politics in my life and yet
it's my job to do this it's my job to
talk about politics I'm just pretending
I do not know if a single thing I said
about any of these books are true I read
them off Wikipedia I misremembered some
information I read on a forum for most
of them every single thing I said about
Julius Ebola comes from this reading
guide I found on 4chan where he like
summarizes each one of the books and I
actually plagiarized word-for-word
a couple of the sentences that he said
that he used to describe revolts against
the modern a girl I don't even remember
what's [__] colors I've never seen
that book in my life and oh by the way
and these books these books that I have
here wow I just I've got my roommate to
check them out of the library for me in
this this book it's not being not
because I've read it a lot it's just
beaten up because it's an old book I
have not cracked this [__] but it's do
you see how the thickness is do you
think I have the attention span to get
through this no face sorry I'd rather
you're gonna read a Wikipedia article
about you in five minutes and then you
can like never in the book this it's a
prop I have not read the Communist
Manifesto and I do not intend to this
it's a prop it's in French because they
only had a French version of julissa
veloz birthday I do not intend to read
that one either
this Lolita gag this isn't even Lolita
it's a secondary source studying the
text of Lolita could you find their
actual text does it matter doesn't
matter the Mao Zedong quotes I got from
great quote calm and I think I've made
up like at least half of them I simply
do not care about these books I see no
need to read these books they're long
they're dense they're boring and I can
pretend like I read them by reading a
ten-minute kapeniak who the matter is
that these books are old and boring and
they don't appeal to the youth you want
to know how young people get their
politics now means charismatic talkers
that's it
Zoomer social media has [__] up my
brain my dopamine sensors are all out of
whack
and now I don't have the attention span
to actually sit down and read a book
still though I'll pretend like I can and
I'll pretend like I'm better than you
because of the truth of the matter is
that I cannot give a [__] about these
old boring dead people and even if I did
I wouldn't have the attention span to
read them so instead I'll just consume
memes and pretend like I know what I'm
talking about
well academics waste thousands of
dollars and years of their life
reading books people like me are just
pretending to read books and coming
across as more intelligent than them
there is no longer delineation between
education and entertainment now I as an
entertainer have more power than most
academics can you find the primary
source where check the sameness says
that human beings can talk to dolphins
go on try to find it always it doesn't
exist it doesn't [__] exist took the
sikhism the sadism has something to do
with dolphins right I know it because I
saw a bunch of memes the memes can't be
lying can they can they can they I am a
satirist and you think that satire has
to come from truth don't you but what
happened to satire is an underlying
light is jeanna what good is that tyre
that's all that matters less the truth
what happens when that truth is gone and
there's just a chaotic undercurrent what
happens then well then you don't get
satire do you you get me it doesn't
matter which one of these books is right
it doesn't matter which one of these
books is true pick a book find a group
that's it that's all you have to do we
pretend to read a book so we seem smart
and then we sell you an absent
they seem smart the world is [__]
stupid aren't we looking at shadows
dance on the cave wall so just pick a
worldview you can do it randomly it
really doesn't matter and you should
worry about whether or not your
worldview is true or right what you have
to do is you have to find that one of
you you have to hold on to it and close
your eyes and shut your ears and grasp
grasp onto with everything you have and
if someone tries to pull you away from
it grasp harder and what otherwise
you'll be a blind kid I wish I had a
framework to sort out the absurdity of
the world and you'll be grasping at
something anything so that you can see
again just grass find something anything
doesn't matter and put it in put the
contacts in it doesn't matter how you
see the world after that point the point
is you can see the world and when the
contact is in your eye you will forget
you were ever blind you will long to put
the fractured pieces of truth back
together so long fortune that you will
hope that will possible by the time now
anymore just fell others I need to find
something anything and you'll feel
horrible you're gonna have to go with it
and that's why I need to do pick
something blindly because otherwise
there's nothing here there's nothing
here for you there's nothing here except
me anyway install the app blink
[Music]
hi I'm gonna do a livestream exactly one
week after I released this video where I
read some of J pesetas work I think
that's probably a safe bet for YouTube I
don't think that'll get me taken down or
anything so yeah join me here in a week
and I will be reading out some Positas
literature so join the join of join that
if you wanna if you want to listen